packages/domain/README.md, before:

<!-- 
This README describes the package. If you publish this package to pub.dev,
this README's contents appear on the landing page for your package.

For information about how to write a good package README, see the guide for
[writing package pages](https://dart.dev/guides/libraries/writing-package-pages). 

For general information about developing packages, see the Dart guide for
[creating packages](https://dart.dev/guides/libraries/create-library-packages)
and the Flutter guide for
[developing packages and plugins](https://flutter.dev/developing-packages). 
-->

TODO: Put a short description of the package here that helps potential users
know whether this package might be useful for them.

## Features

TODO: List what your package can do. Maybe include images, gifs, or videos.

## Getting started

TODO: List prerequisites and provide or point to information on how to
start using the package.

## Usage

TODO: Include short and useful examples for package users. Add longer examples
to `/example` folder. 

```dart
const like = 'sample';
```

## Additional information

TODO: Tell users more about the package: where to find more information, how to 
contribute to the package, how to file issues, what response they can expect 
from the package authors, and more.

Commit message:

Updated domain readme and added step to ci to run domain tests

packages/domain/README.md, after:


# Origin UI - Domain
This package is where lives the domain related code for the Origin UI. The goal separating it from the ui code is :
1. Clear separation between the UI and the bussiness logic/api. 
2. Easy to change the domain if necessary. Since the UI only knows the use cases, it's much easier to update or change the domain.
3. The package can be reused in other projects.
---
## Architecture

The package architecture is inspired on the Clean Architecture. And follows these layers:

UseCases (returns the entity) → Repository (bussiness logic) → DataSource (returns the model)

---

## Running tests

To run all unit tests make sure you are under /domain and then use the following command:

```sh
$ flutter test --coverage --test-randomize-ordering-seed random
```

To view the generated coverage report you can use [lcov](https://github.com/linux-test-project/lcov).

```sh
# Generate Coverage Report
$ genhtml /domain/coverage/lcov.info -o coverage/

# Open Coverage Report
$ open /domain/coverage/index.html
```
